## 03591 - HSM (Hardware Security Module) 

HSM module is a compact, tamper-resistant device that provides a secure
environment for cryptographic operations. It features a FIPS 140-2 Level 3
certified hardware security boundary, which ensures that sensitive data and
cryptographic keys are protected from unauthorized access and tampering. The
module supports a variety of cryptographic algorithms, including AES, RSA, ECC,
and SHA, and provides a high-speed cryptographic engine for fast encryption and
decryption operations. 

The module is based on a dual-core ARM Cortex-A7 processor that provides
high-speed cryptographic processing and secure key storage.


## U2009 - PUKCC

The PUKCC (Public Key Cryptography Controller) is a cryptographic engine 
developed by Microchip Technology. It is a hardware-based solution that provides
secure key storage, key generation, and cryptographic operations for various 
applications. The PUKCC supports various public key algorithms, including RSA, 
DSA, and ECC, and is designed to provide high-speed cryptographic performance 
with low power consumption. It is commonly used in applications such as secure 
boot, secure firmware updates, and secure communication. Link to the 
product page:

[PUKCC](https://www.microchip.com/en-us/products/security-ics/public-key-cryptography-controllers-pukccC)

## U2238 - AES(Advanced Encryption Standard)    

The AES U2238 Module is a hardware-based encryption module developed by 
Microchip Technology. It is designed to provide high-speed encryption and 
decryption of data using the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) algorithm. The 
module supports 128-bit, 192-bit, and 256-bit key lengths and is optimized for 
low power consumption. It is commonly used in applications such as secure 
communication, data storage, and authentication. You can find more information 
about the AES U2238 Module on the Microchip Technology website. Here is a link 
to the product page: 

[AES](https://www.microchip.com/en-us/products/security-ics/aes-encryption-u2238-module.)

## U2242 - TRNG(True Random Number Generator)

The U2242 TRNG (True Random Number Generator) module is a hardware-based
solution developed by Microchip Technology. It is designed to provide
high-quality random numbers for use in cryptographic applications. The module
uses a combination of analog and digital techniques to generate random numbers
that are statistically independent and uniformly distributed. The U2242 TRNG
module is commonly used in applications such as secure boot, secure firmware
updates, and key generation. You can find more information about the U2242 TRNG
module on the Microchip Technology website. Here is a link to the product page:

[TRNG - U2242](https://www.microchip.com/en-us/products/security-ics/true-random-number-generator-u2242)

## 6149  - AES (Keysize: 128,192,256)    

The U2242 TRNG (True Random Number Generator) module is a hardware-based
solution developed by Microchip Technology. It is designed to provide
high-quality random numbers for use in cryptographic applications. The module
uses a combination of analog and digital techniques to generate random numbers
that are statistically independent and uniformly distributed. The U2242 TRNG
module is commonly used in applications such as secure boot, secure firmware
updates, and key generation. You can find more information about the U2242 TRNG
module on the Microchip Technology website. Here is a link to the product page:

[AES - 6149] (https://www.microchip.com/en-us/products/security-ics/true-random-number-generator-u2242)

## 6334  - TRNG(True Random Number Generator)

Module 6334 TRNG is a True Random Number Generator module developed by
Microchip Technology. It is a hardware-based module that generates random
numbers using physical processes such as thermal noise and quantum effects. The
module is designed to provide high-quality random numbers that are suitable for
cryptographic applications. The module is compliant with the NIST SP 800-90B
and SP 800-22 standards for random number generation. It is widely used in
applications such as secure communication systems, encryption/decryption
systems, and gaming systems. The module provides a high level of security and
ensures that the generated random numbers are truly random and unpredictable.

## U2802 - FUSES(Non-Volatile Fuses)     

Module U2802 FUSES is a programming module developed by Microchip Technology.
It is a compact and cost-effective module that provides a simple and
easy-to-use interface between a host programmer and a microcontroller's fuses.
The module is designed to support a wide range of Microchip microcontrollers
and is compatible with popular programming tools such as MPLAB® ICD and MPLAB®
PM3. It provides a reliable and efficient way to program and verify the fuses
of a microcontroller. The module is widely used in applications such as
automotive, industrial, and consumer electronics. It helps to ensure that the
microcontroller's fuses are programmed correctly, which is essential for the
proper operation of the device.

## U2801 - TRAM(TrustRAM)    

Module U2801 TrustRam is a secure memory module developed by Microchip
Technology. It is a compact and cost-effective module that provides a secure
and easy-to-use interface between a host processor and a secure memory. The
module is designed to provide secure storage and retrieval of sensitive data
such as cryptographic keys, digital certificates, and other confidential
information. It features a hardware-based security engine that provides
advanced security features such as encryption, decryption, and authentication.
The module is widely used in applications such as smart cards, secure tokens,
and other security-related devices. It provides a reliable and efficient way to
store and protect sensitive data.

## U2242 - TRNG(True Random Number Generator)   

Module U2242 TRNG is a True Random Number Generator module developed by
Microchip Technology. It is a compact and cost-effective module that provides a
secure and easy-to-use interface between a host processor and a true random
number generator. The module is designed to provide high-quality random numbers
that are essential for cryptographic applications such as key generation,
digital signatures, and other security-related functions. It features a
hardware-based security engine that provides advanced security features such as
entropy collection, conditioning, and post-processing. The module is widely
used in applications such as smart cards, secure tokens, and other
security-related devices. It provides a reliable and efficient way to generate
high-quality random numbers.


## U2803 - IDAU(Implementation Defined Attribution Unit)

The IDAU (Intrinsic Device Attestation and Evaluation) module is a security
feature of the SAM L11 microcontroller from Microchip Technology. It provides a
hardware-based root of trust that enables the device to securely attest to its
identity and integrity. The IDAU module performs a series of cryptographic
operations to generate a unique device identity and to verify the authenticity
and integrity of the firmware running on the device. This helps to prevent
unauthorized access, tampering, and cloning of the device, making it suitable
for use in applications that require a high level of security.

Here is the link to the SAM L11 Family Data Sheet: 

[IDAU - U2803](https://www.microchip.com/wwwproducts/en/ATSAML11E16A) 

The IDAU module is described in detail in section 9 of the data sheet.

## 11105,U2010 - ICM (Integrity Check Module>

The ICM (Integrity Check Module) is a hardware module available on some PIC32MZ
microcontrollers from Microchip Technology. It provides hardware-accelerated
cryptographic functions such as AES, SHA, and HMAC, as well as a true random
number generator. The ICM can be used to secure data and communications in
embedded systems, and can help to protect against tampering and other security
threats.

MCU/MPU:  S70/E70/V71/A5D2x

## 5156 - SHA

The 5156 SHA module is a secure hash algorithm module designed by Microchip
Technology. It is a hardware-accelerated module that provides fast and secure
SHA-1 and SHA-256 hashing for embedded systems. The module is designed to be
easy to use and integrates seamlessly with Microchip's microcontrollers and
security ICs. It is commonly used in applications that require secure data
storage, secure boot, and secure firmware updates.

You can find the documentation for the 5156 SHA module on the Microchip
website. Here is the link to the datasheet:

[SHA - 5156](https://www.microchip.com/wwwproducts/en/ATSHA204A). 

The datasheet contains detailed information about the features, specifications,
and operation of the 5156 SHA module.


## 00158 - CRYPTO    

The 00158 Crypto Authentication chip is a secure authentication device
(ATECC608A) that provides a secure storage of keys, passwords, and other
sensitive data. It is designed to protect embedded systems from unauthorized
access and tampering.  The device features a hardware-based cryptographic engine
that supports various encryption and authentication algorithms. It is commonly
used in applications such as secure boot, secure firmware update, and secure data
storage.

You can find the documentation for the 00158 Crypto Authentication chip on the
Microchip Technology website. Here is the link to the product page:

[CRYPTO - 00158](https://www.microchip.com/wwwproducts/en/ATECC608A)

## 00159 - RNG   

The 00159 RNG module is a hardware-based random number generator module
developed by Microchip Technology. RNG stands for Random Number Generator. The
00159 RNG module is designed to generate high-quality random numbers that can
be used for cryptographic applications, such as key generation, encryption, and
authentication.

The 00159 RNG module uses a combination of analog and digital noise sources to
generate random numbers. The analog noise sources include thermal noise and
shot noise, while the digital noise sources include jitter and metastability.
The module also includes a built-in conditioning circuit that processes the raw
random data to produce high-quality random numbers. 

## 6150 - TDES

The 6150 TDES module is a cryptographic module offered by Microchip Technology.
TDES stands for Triple Data Encryption Standard, which is a symmetric
encryption algorithm that applies the Data Encryption Standard (DES) algorithm
three times in succession. This provides a higher level of security compared to
single DES.

1. Microchip SAM L11 Arm Cortex-M23 microcontroller
2. Microchip SAM G55 Arm Cortex-M4 microcontroller
3. Microchip SAM E54 Arm Cortex-M4 microcontroller
4. Microchip SAM V71 Arm Cortex-M7 microcontroller

## U2009 - PUKCC

The PUKCC (Public Key Cryptography Controller) module is a cryptographic module
offered by Microchip Technology. It is designed to provide hardware-accelerated
public key cryptography functions for applications that require secure data
transmission or storage. The PUKCC module supports various public key
cryptography algorithms such as RSA, DSA, and ECC.

MCU:  

1. PIC24FJ256GB110 family
2. PIC32MZ family
3. SAM E54/E70/V71 family
